c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\dll\x86\OpenCvSharpExtern.dll
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\dll\x86\opencv_ffmpeg320.dll
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\dll\x64\OpenCvSharpExtern.dll
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\dll\x64\opencv_ffmpeg320_64.dll
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\OpenCVSharpTest.exe.config
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\OpenCVSharpTest.XML
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\OpenCVSharpTest.exe
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\OpenCVSharpTest.pdb
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.dll
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.dll
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.dll
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.dll
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.pdb
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.xml
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.pdb
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Blob.xml
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.pdb
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.Extensions.xml
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.pdb
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\OpenCvSharp.UserInterface.xml
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\obj\Debug\OpenCVSharpTest.exe
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\obj\Debug\OpenCVSharpTest.pdb
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\bin\Debug\FSharp.Collections.ParallelSeq.dll
c:\users\family\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpenCVSharpTest\OpenCVSharpTest\obj\Debug\OpenCVSharpTest.fsproj.OpenCVSharpTest.exe.config
